Linked entities for HomeKit valve duration characteristics (#40222)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/homekit.markdown

              description: The `entity_id` of a `sensor` entity to use as the temperature sensor of the air purifier accessory.
              required: false
              type: string
            linked_valve_duration:

>               description: The `entity_id` of a `input_number` entity to use as the default run time of a valve switch (switch type `faucet`, `shower`, `sprinkler`, or `valve`), or valve accessory. Mininum value `300` seconds. Maximum value `3600` seconds. Step size `300` seconds. Changes in HomeKit will change the sensor state (and vice verca).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              description: The `entity_id` of a `input_number` entity to use as the default run time of a valve switch (switch type `faucet`, `shower`, `sprinkler`, or `valve`), or valve accessory. Minimum value `300` seconds. Maximum value `3600` seconds. Step size `300` seconds. Changes in HomeKit will change the sensor state (and vice versa).
```

>               description: The `entity_id` of a `input_number` entity to use as the default run time of a valve switch (switch type `faucet`, `shower`, `sprinkler`, or `valve`), or valve accessory. Minimum value `300` seconds. Maximum value `3600` seconds. Step size `300` seconds. Changes in HomeKit will change the sensor state (and vice versa).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              description: The `entity_id` of an `input_number` entity to use as the default run time of a valve switch (switch type `faucet`, `shower`, `sprinkler`, or `valve`), or valve accessory. Minimum value `300` seconds. Maximum value `3600` seconds. Step size `300` seconds. Changes in HomeKit will change the sensor state (and vice versa).
```
